For Product Page:
- No need to add delivery address and contact info. This should come while 
 placing the order so ignore for now.

For Pastries, cupcakes, brownies, teacakes, cookies:
quantity - number of pieces. Max quantity - 10. Also serving info not 
needed for these. No need for message as well.

For Full Cakes:
Quantity - Weight and number as well. Servings info needed
Weight determines the base price. Message optional.

For Occasion cakes:
Quantiy - weight and number. Serving info needed. Also additional flavor.
Message optional. Weight determines the base price.


Things that need work:

color scheme and nav logo redesign -> important, logo design done, color scheme needs some work
Product Magnify not working -> important
Category page side banner - resize + change banner with link -> kinda done ( created 2 banners for menu link)
Homepage custom form on submit and negative checks
Fix security issues and check performance

//Less important
Product page - ontime deliver, fssai stuff
Make the Database entries proper


Search Bar -> important ! -> done
Banners lazy loading  -> important! -> kinda done ( reduced image sizes)
NAvbar responsive -> important! -> kinda done, make more smooth
Responsive behavior -> important -> primary done
Footer responsive -> important! -> kinda done
Cart hover / indicate items present -> important -> done
Product page negative checks -> important -> made init for mandatory fields so no need for neg check -> done


Responsive design:

Category Page:
    grid- done
    images - TBD

SearchResultsPage:
    grid - done
    empty - done

CartPage:
    empty - done
    items added - done

Homepage:
    done kinda

ProductPage:
    contents - done for now.


About Us:

Sugar Plum is an FSSAI-certified bakery - where every dessert is hand-crafted with expertise and love!
We are a small group of bakers with a shared passion for crafting the finest baked confections.
Our love for our craft has taken us on individual journeys working with some of the most celebrated masters in the field and eventually led to our paths meeting. Our vision is to spread the magical happiness of sweet delights using the highest quality ingredients and perfection honed by years of practice to bake the most delectable cakes, pastries, cupcakes, and more! Sugar Plum is our love letter to our lifelong passion and a heaven for desert lovers of all ages!